README.md, before:

Magento Responsive Theme
========================

The GPMD responsive Magento theme is a simple fluid base theme which can be easily used as a starting point for your projects. The styling has been kept purposely simple so it's easy to override.

It combines elements of [Mobile Boilerplate](https://github.com/h5bp/mobile-boilerplate/), [Gridless](http://thatcoolguy.github.com/gridless-boilerplate/) and [semantic.gs](http://semantic.gs/). It also includes the excellent [Font Awesome](http://fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome/) icon font.


Get it now!
-----------

Clone the repo, `git clone git@github.com:gpmd/magento-responsive-theme.git`, or [download the latest release](https://github.com/gpmd/magento-responsive-theme/zipball/master).


Screen shots
------------

We don't yet have a live demo available, but in the meantime you can [view some screen grabs here](http://gpmd.github.com/magento-responsive-theme/).


Updates
-------

Keep up to date by following GPMD on Twitter, [@gpmd](https://twitter.com/gpmd).


Bugs
----

Please create issues on GitHub: https://github.com/gpmd/magento-responsive-theme/issues


Author
------

**Matt Bailey**

+ http://twitter.com/_mattbailey
+ http://dribbble.com/mattbailey
+ http://github.com/matt-bailey
+ http://www.mattbailey.co


License
-------

Copyright 2012 GPMD

This file is part of the GPMD Magento Responsive Theme.

The GPMD Magento Responsive Theme is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

The GPMD Magento Responsive Theme is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with the GPMD Magento Responsive Theme. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Commit message:

Added link to Magento package

README.md, after:

Magento Responsive Theme
========================

The GPMD responsive Magento theme is a simple fluid base theme which can be easily used as a starting point for your projects. The styling has been kept purposely simple so it's easy to override.

It combines elements of [Mobile Boilerplate](https://github.com/h5bp/mobile-boilerplate/), [Gridless](http://thatcoolguy.github.com/gridless-boilerplate/) and [semantic.gs](http://semantic.gs/). It also includes the excellent [Font Awesome](http://fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome/) icon font.


Get it now!
-----------

Clone the repo, `git clone git@github.com:gpmd/magento-responsive-theme.git`, or [download the latest release](https://github.com/gpmd/magento-responsive-theme/zipball/master).

Alternatively you can [download the theme as a Magento package](https://github.com/gpmd/magento-responsive-theme/blob/master/var/connect/GPMD_Responsive_Theme-0.1.3.tgz), although this may not be the most up-to-date version.


Screen shots
------------

We don't yet have a live demo available, but in the meantime you can [view some screen grabs here](http://gpmd.github.com/magento-responsive-theme/).


Updates
-------

Keep up to date by following GPMD on Twitter, [@gpmd](https://twitter.com/gpmd).


Bugs
----

Please create issues on GitHub: https://github.com/gpmd/magento-responsive-theme/issues


Author
------

**Matt Bailey**

+ http://twitter.com/_mattbailey
+ http://dribbble.com/mattbailey
+ http://github.com/matt-bailey
+ http://www.mattbailey.co


License
-------

Copyright 2012 GPMD

This file is part of the GPMD Magento Responsive Theme.

The GPMD Magento Responsive Theme is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

The GPMD Magento Responsive Theme is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with the GPMD Magento Responsive Theme. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
